Opening Statement

Dear fellow group members,

It's an honor to be able to stand here as a candidate for admin of our group. We have come up a long way in creating the constitution that guarantees harmony and improves entertainment factor. Major kudos goes to BA and VD for working extra hard for that.

I'd like to keep this speech short and on-point. So here it goes:

First of all, I'd like to apologise for my role in the notorious virus attack in our first group, specially to Sushil sir who was the admin at that time. While I didn't initiate the virus attack, I should have limited the virus attack from growing. We learnt a lesson, and I'll make sure nothing close to that will happen ever under my watch.

I can't make promise like our other candidate BG that the group will be globalised, and bunch of projects will be brought in. This is afterall a viber group, and entertainment of the highest quality is the top most priority. Having said that, I'd like to make sure we are actively involved in giving back to the society as per our ability. Giving back, helping the people in need is one of the happiest thing one can do. So something like raising up to $50 from each member like our beloved member JR proposed will be heavily encouraged.

I've seen BG trying showing screenshots of a lot of private conversation to gain advantage. I strongly discourage such backbiting, and break of trust. What's said in private must remain in private. During my administration, activities like such will result in suspension of various order.

Group unity will be another priority for me. While it's fun to talk about various topics in the group, transcending the group beyond the boundary of phone will truly make this special. Life is but a collection of sweet memories we accumulate over the years. I'd prioritise to organise yearly gatherings in various places so that we can build new memories among us.

While this goes without saying, my availibility to the group even during the toughest time has been well observed by everybody. As an admin, my availibity to the group will always be there. There'll be never be any remarks as "sorry, only available for one hour".

Last but not least, my expertise in viber virus will be brought to the positive use. I'll run an antivirus to make sure any suspicious member or activities will be removed immediately without letting it affect our members.

I look forward to getting your votes.

Let's go.

Thank you,
Suraj